\begin{figure}[h]
\centering
\includegraphics[width=0.5\textwidth]{TechStack.png}
\caption{Tech Stack implementation of the application} \label{TechStack}
\end{figure}
\subsection{In-Depth Semi-Structured Interviews}

We asked 20 participants to use our application and
asked them several questions to gather information
about our user profiling technique and timetable
generator. First, the application generated two
timetables. A personalised itinerary and an itinerary
where the travel interest vector is ignored;
therefore, all POIs have an equal chance of being
selected. However, the participants were not told
which one was which, and we mixed the order of
timetables to avoid anchor bias. 

We first started discussed with the interviewee looks
for in a holiday and the types of activities, so we
could check whether this matches their travel interest
vector. Then, after the timetables are generated, we
asked them to review the results and which result they
think is more personalised.  At this stage, the
interviewees were shown their automatically generated
characteristics and asked what they would change,
followed by whether they think their social media
presence represents their travel preferences.

Finally, we discussed some considerations and future
improvements regarding automatic preference gathering
from social media and how this approach differs from
their usual travel planning.
